LAB 09 WRITEUP
Eric Zhong and Natasha Lal
https://github.com/usc-ee250-fall2022/eric-natasha/tree/labML


Question 4: What are the denominations of the US coins from the green, blue and orange distributions? 
Can you think why the coins from the same denomination might show variation in weight although they are
 specified to be of the same weight?

Green: pennies
Blue: nickels
Orange: dollars
Variation in weight might occur because coins might have lost metal over time (worn down, so their 
weights are less), or they might have dirt on them (adds material to each coin, so their weights are more).


Question 5: If your vending machine had a weight sensor, how would you use the weight of a coin that was 
just inserted to find the denomination? 

If there was a weight sensor, you’d check the weight range of the coin (2-3 g, 4-6 g, or 7.5-8.5 g) to 
identify which denomination the coin fell into.


Question 6. We can shine light on the coin and measure the reflected amount of light which should be 
proportional (directly or in some non-linear way) to the size/area of the coin. Can you guess which 
sensor on the Grove Pi Kit can be used for this purpose?

We’ll use the Grove PI light sensor to measure the reflected amount of light on the coin.


Question 7: Which of the following dataset is linearly separable? Justify your answer using a picture 
wherever it is difficult to see things in the mind’s eye.

Dataset A is linearly separable: the blue and orange sets of points fit exactly into two groups above 
and below the red line as shown.


Question 11: What are the benefits and drawbacks of using the above method of running the classifier 
on the cloud vs running  the classifier on a Raspberry Pi installed locally in the vending machines and 
not having the vending machines connected to the internet? 

By running the classifier on the cloud, you don’t have to depend on the integrity of the vending machines
to classify the coins. If the classifier was run with the Raspberry Pi in the vending machine, someone
could easily tamper with it and destroy the results. However, if someone was able to hack into the cloud, 
the cloud classifier’s integrity would be compromised. 
